MSAL Browser v5 migration guide (#7832)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/v4-migration.md

# Migrating from MSAL v4 to MSAL v5

If you are new to MSAL, you should start [here](initialization.md).

If you are coming from MSAL v2, you should check [this guide](v2-migration.md) first to migrate to MSAL v3. If you are coming from MSAL v3, you should check [this guide](v4-migration.md) first to migrate to MSAL v4 and then follow next steps.

If you are coming from MSAL v4, you can follow this guide to update your code to use MSAL v5.

## API Breaking Changes

[TBD]

## Configuration changes

### BrowserAuthOptions changes

1. The `skipAuthorityMetadataCache` parameter has been removed from BrowserAuthOptions in Configuration.
1. The `protocolMode` parameter has been moved to SystemOptions instead of BrowserAuthOptions in Configuration.
1. The `supportsNestedAppAuth` parameter has been removed. Use the `createNestablePublicClientApplication` API for Nested Apps instead. Read more about Nested Apps [here](./initialization.md#nested-app-configuration).

### CacheOptions changes

> The following parameters were deprecated in MSAL Browser v4 and has been removed from CacheOptions in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parameters were deprecated in MSAL Browser v4 and have been removed from `CacheOptions` in v5
```

1. `temporaryCacheLocation`
1. `claimsBasedCachingEnabled` - Access tokens are no longer being stored based on requested claims.
1. `storeAuthStateInCookie`
1. `secureCookies` - All cookies are now only ever securely sent over HTTPS.
1. `cacheMigrationEnabled`

### SystemOptions

> 1. The `protocolMode` parameter has been added to SystemOptions from BrowserAuthOptions in Configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `protocolMode` parameter has been moved to `SystemOptions` from `BrowserAuthOptions` in Configuration. There are no changes to its options or functionality.
```

#### `asyncPopups`

> The `asyncPopups` parameter has been renamed to `navigatePopups` in SystemOptions and the options reversed. This sets whether popups are opened and navigated to later. When set to true, blank popups are opened and navigates to login domain. When set to false, popups are opened directly to the login domain. This can be set to false for scenarios where `about:blank` is not supported, e.g. desktop apps or progressive web apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `asyncPopups` parameter has been renamed to `navigatePopups` in `SystemOptions` and the options reversed. This sets whether popups are opened and navigated to later. When set to true, blank popups are opened and navigates to login domain. When set to false, popups are opened directly to the login domain. This can be set to false for scenarios where `about:blank` is not supported, e.g. desktop apps or progressive web apps.
```
